Rename Datadog tracing library to Datadog SDK (#35358)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/glossary/_index.md

| [Forwarder][5]          | An AWS Lambda function that parses and ships serverless monitoring data from CloudWatch logs to Datadog.                             |
| [Lambda extension][6] | A lightweight Datadog Agent that runs within the Lambda execution environment and ships serverless monitoring data to Datadog with minimal performance overhead. The extension is distributed as a [Lambda layer][7] for easy installation. |
| [Serverless CLI][8] | The CLI enables instrumentation by modifying existing Lambda functions' configuration. It is the quickest way to get started with Datadog serverless monitoring. |
| [Serverless Macro][9] | The Datadog Serverless CloudFormation macro automatically enables instrumentation for serverless applications by transforming the CloudFormation template.|
| [Serverless Plugin][10] | The Serverless plugin automatically enables instrumentation for your applications managed by the [Serverless Framework][11] by modifying the Lambda functions' configuration. |
| [Serverless CDK Construct][12] | The Serverless plugin automatically enables instrumentation for your applications managed by the [AWS CDK][13] by modifying the Lambda functions' configuration. |

> | [Trace merging][14] | Serverless trace merging is required to see a single, connected trace when you configure both Datadog SDKs (`dd-trace`) and AWS X-Ray tracing libraries in your application. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Trace merging][14] | Serverless trace merging is required to see a single, connected trace when you configure both the Datadog (`dd-trace`) and AWS X-Ray SDKs in your application. |
```
AWS call theirs an [SDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/xray/latest/devguide/xray-sdk-python.html) as well.
